college security center location 
Scene one:in media Herbert picture if  hoover on location name it will show clickable examine in tooltip,if clicked shows sec.lobby picture
description(text): Walking into campus security you see a over weight man in his 40's. He's staring intensely at his computer screen. He notices you looking at him and you hear him start clicking then he looks up at you with this dead eyed stare.

"Can I help you? Hmmm now that's one funny get up you got there pal... You in the science department or something?"

in characters window Herbert (tooltip: talk, examine, Sneak Pass(choosing sneak opens notifier stealth=4 needed, centered red bold)
"Errr....Uhhhh" <Fuck what do I tell him?>  continue...

hovering on player picture will show tooltip menu column list with Abilities: --give order,--telepathy (mind read)
                                                                               examine: brings slider with player Info Card
                                                                               wait: brings popup menu with list header How long? and choice options 1hour,2 hours,3 hours then clicked calls function of time skipping which adds to current time chosen amount as a parameter
                                                                               telepathy: renders text <My high's starting to ware off I better call my guy and see if he would front me some product. Ever since my parents froze my accounts I've really had a hard time getting high. I better hope this whole hidden camera thing works out or I'm going to own a lot of money...>  in text window,
                                                                                talk: brings menu popup:What do you say?
(Lie) Yes I just started over in the Science department.
(Lie) OH GOD PLEASE HELP!
pressing --give order brings up :Whom do you want to give the order?
on choose 1: "Yes...umm... I just started, Im Dr. Wolf. I just moved into the area."

"Doctor 'eh'? Well nice to meet ya I'm Herbert im head of campus security. So your new huh? Have ya got your security badge Dr. Wolf? You're gonna need one to into any of the buildings around campus.... You can get here if ya like." He rubs his large belly and snorts.

"Well I guess I'll get one......"

"GREAT! That'd will be 200 buck's!"

"WHAT???"

"I know you rich "educated" folks got the money now fork it over! I'm the head of security and the Dean say's I get to make the rules!"
if you have 200, game will check current credit amount ... now after text displayed option in Herbert pop up menu added: Buy a security Badge? (if clicked: "Do you want a security badge (yes, No option in pop up menu)" or text window .yes: and new choice Buy a security badge?
after clicking options in talk menu chosen will disappear
2nd choice: god help...   clicked text appears:<Well I wonder what I could say to get him out of here...? Oh!>

"Oh GOD IT"S HORRIABLE! Quick you have to help! Americana and Miss Liberty are fighting out near the campus gates! They're destroying a lot of property. Hell, they're fighting so hard their uniforms are barley hanging on...."

"WHAT! I gotta go check this out! So do you mind getting out? Im going to have to lock up before I go."

<FUCK....> "Uhhh yeah...no problem."

<Now how am I going to acquire a security badge? There's has to be another way in....>

Herbert sped away on his Segway toward the campus gates.
 and Herbert picture changes continuation button is blinked with animation, if clicked we exit the location to previous Scene2  hovers on name bring tool tip go around, examine. text:<Dammit my plan worked too well! Now the office door's locked maybe I can find another way in..... Maybe I should check around back...>  new line Liberty City's very own university (hovers on room name) tooltip,render pic in media window
  -- note all text in blue represent thinking 
  choice go around: Scene 3 picture with text renders: Well that got me nowhere... I wonder If I could sneak in anywhere else? You crouch down and go behind the Security Building to see if there is a back door.

Hey what's this? His window is wide open. It leads directly into Herbert's Office. Well if I'm going to do this I have to go now!

Sliding the window open the rest of the way you get in with ease.


CRASH! THUD! On your way through the window you knock a cactus down to the ground and its pot shatters.

"Oh shit I should have tried to scan the room or something before climbing in here. I hope no one heard that...." You quickly examine the office and see a desk and a computer on top of it.


Herbert work station. Gross...you just noticed his trash bin is filled with used tissue. I'm just going to assume he has a "cold". : media window: Room name Herbert work station(render picture): in object window two objects: Herbert's PC, Herbert's Desk
herbert's PC examine text: Hmm may be you can hack it from here?,check e-mails, explore Browser history 
read E-mail's menu : from maintenace,from:mother,from:Dean Wildler . Maintanance text: Hey Herb,

We installed those "improvements" all over campus. I think you espically like #202.

You have my regards.
Keith

Ps I want a highlight reel if ya know what I mean in the next few weeks. Load it up with the good stuff!

Mother email: Dearest Herbbie,

How are you I havent seen you in a while. Have you found a girlfriend yet? Oh I hope so, your such a nice boy, handsome too!
I miss you so much my little boy, if only you'd move home and let mother take care of you....

You should cum by real soon my Herbie Burgy
xxxooo

Love,
Mom

Dean email: Hello Herbert,

I thought about your situation and I think me and the boys have come up with a solution. Come to my office around 1:00 Friday.
Until then just stay away from the girl.

GOT IT?

Liberty Univ Dean
Ryan Wildler

Ps We dont care who your parents are, betray us and you know what happens.

Browser history: 
Browser History
You see his Internet browser isn't in safe mode. Clicking the mouse on his browser history it pops with several dozen porn sites. Among the list you find a page he visits quiet frequently called Hidden Cams for Dummies.

"Hmmmm well this is the only non porn site Herbert the pervert seems to visit. I wonder if he has cameras set up on campus.... I'll have to be careful from here on out. "

You might be able to hack his pc with your Com Unit, to gain access to his network. "I just need to figure out his password. I wonder if he has it written down somewhere?"
